Support maven-coords based connector build (#5407)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/overview/con-configuration-points-connect.adoc

* `FileStreamSinkConnector` streams data from Kafka to an external system, reading messages from a Kafka topic and creating a line for each in an output file.
--

You can add other connectors using connector plugins, which are a set of JAR files, TGZ or ZIP archives that define the implementation required to connect to certain types of external system.

> You can also specify a Maven coordinates to fetch plugin from the Maven repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify Maven coordinates to fetch plugins from a Maven repository.
```

Reviewer: Nice to have the Overview updated :+1:
